OSDOCS-5240 #57427: review rendered page with important fixes on the structure (#4)
maxwelldb/openshift-docs: modules/installation-creating-aws-subnet-localzone.adoc

----
[
  {
    "ParameterKey": "VpcId",
    "ParameterValue": "<value_of_VpcId>" <1>
  },
  {
    "ParameterKey": "PublicRouteTableId",
    "ParameterValue": "<value_of_PublicRouteTableId>" <2>
  },
  {
    "ParameterKey": "LocalZoneName",
    "ParameterValue": "<value_of_GroupName>" <3>
  },
  {
    "ParameterKey": "PublicSubnetCidr",
    "ParameterValue": "10.0.192.0/20" <4>
  }
]
----

> <1> Specify the VPC ID, output variable `VpcId` of the CloudFormation stack

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> Specify the VPC ID, which is the value `VpcID` in the output of the CloudFormation template.
```

Does this phrasing work?

for the VPC.

> <2> Specify the Route Table ID, output variable `PublicRouteTableId` of the CloudFormation stack

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> Specify the Route Table ID, which is the value of the `PublicRouteTableId` in the CloudFormation stack
```

for the VPC.

> <3> Specify the AWS Local Zone name, output variable `ZoneName` of command `aws ec2 describe-availability-zones`
> executed on the section "Opting into AWS Local Zones".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```suggestion
<3> Specify the AWS Local Zone name, which is the value of the `ZoneName` field in the `AvailabilityZones` object that you retrieve in the section "Opting into AWS Local Zones".
```
```

> <4> Specify a CIDR block used to create the Local Zone subnet, must be part of the VPC CIDR block `VpcCidr`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<4> Specify a CIDR block that is used to create the Local Zone subnet. This block must be part of the VPC CIDR block `VpcCidr`.
```
